All right.
Welcome to the technical side of phone screen section of this course is something I'm adding after the
fact because I think it's equally as important as solving the algorithms.
Typically your average interview process might go you have a phone call with a recruiter going to kind
of verify your resume a little bit asking some basic questions.
Nothing technical usually and then you'll follow up with one of the devs that you may or may not be
working with.
And in that interview you typically will have about a 30 minute phone screen where they're going to
be asking you questions about your subject matter of choice right.
In this case we're talking about javascript type truth.
What are the what are the questions that they're going to be asking.
That's what this section is about how to ask them and the way these these videos are going to go is
first so I say what the question is then I'm going to answer it and then I'm going to explain it in
code right so you won't have an opportunity most of the time to explain it in code.
But the answer is important because I want you to be able to clearly communicate what the answer is
correctly over you know audio.
That's why we're doing the the video part first and then I want you to understand it as well right.
No one wants to go and memorize this stuff but so that's how this section is going to go.
And let's go ahead and jump into.